Curse you bastard
I'm going to take a shower
You go to bed first
Why are you taking a shower again? Didn't you take a shower just now?
I see.
But I remember the gossip media in my past life
Overbearing and glorious man
The wife is also a second-generation socialite with a very good background
We're sure it's impossible.
I had to stay calm.
Earn money to go to school
Upward growth has been my main mission in life
That's right, getting a man is not in my plan
Can't let my love be said
sleep
No wonder some people can't resist sugar-coated cannonballs
But then again
This little spy is really capable.
But
Different from others
Colleague tomorrow
Why are you going so late?
It's getting dark
If you don't mind, take my backseat
I'll take you back to Brother Rong's house
Don't bother, the door is just ahead
You are welcome
Brother Rong and I are our own people
This time I just came to see him for my sister-in-law
Brother Rong has a fiancee
I'll be seeing him in a few days
You didn't know he was married?
It seems that this woman is still not giving up on Brother Rong.
But the old leader's task must also be completed.
Here's a newspaper for you to read.
These days are getting better and better, the future
Brother Rong will definitely go back
Yes, it's the end of December 1978
Reform is coming soon
I actually forgot about this
How about it? Can you understand?
Oh, I see. Thank you.
You are welcome, do you not live in the village committee?
I'll take you back. Go
It's okay, no need.
I really went by myself and walked back
You hurry back
You, you, don't pull me, I'll take you back, let's go
What are you doing?